Update documentation for charts in user manual (#1916)
ubccr/xdmod: user_manual_builder/Common_User_Interface_Elements.rst

Resource* category is expanded, followed by selection of the *XD SUs
Charged: Per Job* metric.

Every chart in XDMoD can zoom along a specific axis by clicking and dragging
the cursor in a straight line vertically or horizontally to zoom along the
y-axis or x-axis, respectively. When adjusting the zoom along a specific axis
you will be able to adjust the range of the data based on how far you drag

> your cursor. Every chart in XDMoD can also zoom along both the x and y axis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your cursor. Every chart in XDMoD can also zoom along both the x- and y-axes
```

   Example of a drilldown chart

Every chart in XDMoD can zoom along a specific axis by click and dragging the cursor vertically or horizontally to zoom by the y-axis and x-axis, respectively.
When adjusting the zoom along a specific axis you will be able to adjust the range of the data based on how far you drag your cursor. Every chart in XDMoD can also
zoom along both the x and y axis adjusting the range for both. For most charts in XDMoD, the zoom level can be reset by double clicking on an empty area of the plot.

> The only exception are charts in the Metric Explorer tab (see :ref:`Metric Explorer <metric_explorer>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only exception is for charts in the :ref:`Metric Explorer <metric_explorer>` tab, where you can reset the zoom by clicking on the chart and choosing the "Reset Zoom" option from the context menu.
```
